Additional Istio resources into the reconciliation (#346)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.0.1.md

## New features

> - Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration like Kyma Gateway, configure service-mesh traffic to be mTLS only with PeerAuthentication, install Istio Grafana dashboards and expose Istio availability endpoint with a Virtual Service [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apply additional Kyma resources and configuration like Kyma Gateway, configure service-mesh traffic to only allow mTLS using PeerAuthentication, install Istio Grafana dashboards, and expose Istio availability endpoint with a Virtual Service [#334](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/334)
```
